com/jdots/music/glide/ProfileBannerGlideRequest.java
 com.jdots.music.glide.ProfileBannerGlideRequest
 com.jdots.music.glide.ProfileBannerGlideRequest$BitmapBuilder
 com.jdots.music.glide.ProfileBannerGlideRequest$Builder
com/jdots/music/lyrics/LrcEntry.java
 com.jdots.music.lyrics.LrcEntry
com/jdots/music/util/color/NotificationColorUtil.java
 com.jdots.music.util.color.NotificationColorUtil
 com.jdots.music.util.color.NotificationColorUtil$ColorUtilsFromCompat
com/jdots/music/views/CircularImageView.java
 com.jdots.music.views.CircularImageView
com/jdots/music/glide/audiocover/AudioFileCoverLoader.java
 com.jdots.music.glide.audiocover.AudioFileCoverLoader
 com.jdots.music.glide.audiocover.AudioFileCoverLoader$Factory
com/jdots/music/activities/bugreport/model/DeviceInfo.java
 com.jdots.music.activities.bugreport.model.DeviceInfo
com/jdots/music/dialogs/BlacklistFolderChooserDialog.java
 com.jdots.music.dialogs.BlacklistFolderChooserDialog
 com.jdots.music.dialogs.BlacklistFolderChooserDialog$1
 com.jdots.music.dialogs.BlacklistFolderChooserDialog$FolderCallback
 com.jdots.music.dialogs.BlacklistFolderChooserDialog$FolderSorter
com/jdots/music/util/ArtistSignatureUtil.java
 com.jdots.music.util.ArtistSignatureUtil
com/jdots/music/lyrics/LrcView.java
 com.jdots.music.lyrics.LrcView
 com.jdots.music.lyrics.LrcView$1
 com.jdots.music.lyrics.LrcView$2
 com.jdots.music.lyrics.LrcView$3
 com.jdots.music.lyrics.LrcView$4
 com.jdots.music.lyrics.LrcView$5
 com.jdots.music.lyrics.LrcView$OnPlayClickListener
com/jdots/music/lyrics/LrcHelper.java
 com.jdots.music.lyrics.LrcHelper
 com.jdots.music.lyrics.LrcHelper$1
com/jdots/music/util/RetroColorUtil.java
 com.jdots.music.util.RetroColorUtil
 com.jdots.music.util.RetroColorUtil$SwatchComparator
com/jdots/music/service/PlaybackHandler.java
 com.jdots.music.service.PlaybackHandler
com/jdots/music/util/SAFUtil.java
 com.jdots.music.util.SAFUtil
com/jdots/music/adapter/base/AbsMultiSelectAdapter.java
 com.jdots.music.adapter.base.AbsMultiSelectAdapter
com/jdots/music/misc/LagTracker.java
 com.jdots.music.misc.LagTracker
com/jdots/music/activities/bugreport/model/github/ExtraInfo.java
 com.jdots.music.activities.bugreport.model.github.ExtraInfo
com/jdots/music/service/MusicService.java
 com.jdots.music.service.MusicService
 com.jdots.music.service.MusicService$1
 com.jdots.music.service.MusicService$2
 com.jdots.music.service.MusicService$3
 com.jdots.music.service.MusicService$4
 com.jdots.music.service.MusicService$5
 com.jdots.music.service.MusicService$6
 com.jdots.music.service.MusicService$7
 com.jdots.music.service.MusicService$8
 com.jdots.music.service.MusicService$9
 com.jdots.music.service.MusicService$9$1
 com.jdots.music.service.MusicService$MusicBinder
com/jdots/music/util/Compressor.java
 com.jdots.music.util.Compressor
com/jdots/music/helper/StackBlur.java
 com.jdots.music.helper.StackBlur
 com.jdots.music.helper.StackBlur$BlurTask
com/jdots/music/util/RippleUtils.java
 com.jdots.music.util.RippleUtils
com/jdots/music/glide/AlbumGlideRequest.java
 com.jdots.music.glide.AlbumGlideRequest
 com.jdots.music.glide.AlbumGlideRequest$BitmapBuilder
 com.jdots.music.glide.AlbumGlideRequest$Builder
 com.jdots.music.glide.AlbumGlideRequest$PaletteBuilder
com/jdots/music/util/ImageUtil.java
 com.jdots.music.util.ImageUtil
com/jdots/music/RetroBottomSheetBehavior.java
 com.jdots.music.RetroBottomSheetBehavior
com/jdots/music/activities/bugreport/model/Report.java
 com.jdots.music.activities.bugreport.model.Report
com/jdots/music/glide/ArtistGlideRequest.java
 com.jdots.music.glide.ArtistGlideRequest
 com.jdots.music.glide.ArtistGlideRequest$BitmapBuilder
 com.jdots.music.glide.ArtistGlideRequest$Builder
 com.jdots.music.glide.ArtistGlideRequest$PaletteBuilder
com/jdots/music/providers/SongPlayCountStore.java
 com.jdots.music.providers.SongPlayCountStore
 com.jdots.music.providers.SongPlayCountStore$SongPlayCountColumns
com/jdots/music/util/color/MediaNotificationProcessor.java
 com.jdots.music.util.color.MediaNotificationProcessor
 com.jdots.music.util.color.MediaNotificationProcessor$1
 com.jdots.music.util.color.MediaNotificationProcessor$2
 com.jdots.music.util.color.MediaNotificationProcessor$2$1
 com.jdots.music.util.color.MediaNotificationProcessor$3
 com.jdots.music.util.color.MediaNotificationProcessor$OnPaletteLoadedListener
com/jdots/music/repository/SortedLongCursor.java
 com.jdots.music.repository.SortedLongCursor
com/jdots/music/lyrics/LrcUtils.java
 com.jdots.music.lyrics.LrcUtils
com/jdots/music/views/PopupBackground.java
 com.jdots.music.views.PopupBackground
com/jdots/music/util/ColorUtil.java
 com.jdots.music.util.ColorUtil
 com.jdots.music.util.ColorUtil$SwatchComparator
com/jdots/music/db/PlayCountDao_Impl.java
 com.jdots.music.db.PlayCountDao_Impl
 com.jdots.music.db.PlayCountDao_Impl$1
 com.jdots.music.db.PlayCountDao_Impl$2
 com.jdots.music.db.PlayCountDao_Impl$3
 com.jdots.music.db.PlayCountDao_Impl$4
 com.jdots.music.db.PlayCountDao_Impl$5
com/jdots/music/glide/SongGlideRequest.java
 com.jdots.music.glide.SongGlideRequest
 com.jdots.music.glide.SongGlideRequest$BitmapBuilder
 com.jdots.music.glide.SongGlideRequest$Builder
 com.jdots.music.glide.SongGlideRequest$PaletteBuilder
com/jdots/music/activities/LicenseActivity.java
 com.jdots.music.activities.LicenseActivity
com/jdots/music/activities/WhatsNewActivity.java
 com.jdots.music.activities.WhatsNewActivity
com/jdots/music/views/VerticalTextView.java
 com.jdots.music.views.VerticalTextView
com/jdots/music/util/AutoGeneratedPlaylistBitmap.java
 com.jdots.music.util.AutoGeneratedPlaylistBitmap
com/jdots/music/model/lyrics/Lyrics.java
 com.jdots.music.model.lyrics.Lyrics
com/jdots/music/activities/bugreport/model/github/GithubLogin.java
 com.jdots.music.activities.bugreport.model.github.GithubLogin
com/jdots/music/util/TempUtils.java
 com.jdots.music.util.TempUtils
com/jdots/music/BuildConfig.java
 com.jdots.music.BuildConfig
com/jdots/music/misc/DialogAsyncTask.java
 com.jdots.music.misc.DialogAsyncTask
com/jdots/music/fragments/folder/FoldersFragment.java
 com.jdots.music.fragments.folder.FoldersFragment
 com.jdots.music.fragments.folder.FoldersFragment$1
 com.jdots.music.fragments.folder.FoldersFragment$AsyncFileLoader
 com.jdots.music.fragments.folder.FoldersFragment$ListPathsAsyncTask
 com.jdots.music.fragments.folder.FoldersFragment$ListPathsAsyncTask$LoadingInfo
 com.jdots.music.fragments.folder.FoldersFragment$ListPathsAsyncTask$OnPathsListedCallback
 com.jdots.music.fragments.folder.FoldersFragment$ListSongsAsyncTask
 com.jdots.music.fragments.folder.FoldersFragment$ListSongsAsyncTask$LoadingInfo
 com.jdots.music.fragments.folder.FoldersFragment$ListSongsAsyncTask$OnSongsListedCallback
 com.jdots.music.fragments.folder.FoldersFragment$ListingFilesDialogAsyncTask
com/jdots/music/adapter/CategoryInfoAdapter.java
 com.jdots.music.adapter.CategoryInfoAdapter
 com.jdots.music.adapter.CategoryInfoAdapter$ViewHolder
com/jdots/music/adapter/base/MediaEntryViewHolder.java
 com.jdots.music.adapter.base.MediaEntryViewHolder
com/jdots/music/util/LyricUtil.java
 com.jdots.music.util.LyricUtil
com/jdots/music/views/DrawableGradient.java
 com.jdots.music.views.DrawableGradient
com/jdots/music/glide/UserProfileGlideRequest.java
 com.jdots.music.glide.UserProfileGlideRequest
 com.jdots.music.glide.UserProfileGlideRequest$BitmapBuilder
 com.jdots.music.glide.UserProfileGlideRequest$Builder
com/jdots/music/providers/MusicPlaybackQueueStore.java
 com.jdots.music.providers.MusicPlaybackQueueStore
com/jdots/music/util/color/ImageUtils.java
 com.jdots.music.util.color.ImageUtils
com/jdots/music/model/lyrics/AbsSynchronizedLyrics.java
 com.jdots.music.model.lyrics.AbsSynchronizedLyrics
com/jdots/music/util/PlaylistsUtil.java
 com.jdots.music.util.PlaylistsUtil
com/jdots/music/db/LyricsDao_Impl.java
 com.jdots.music.db.LyricsDao_Impl
 com.jdots.music.db.LyricsDao_Impl$1
 com.jdots.music.db.LyricsDao_Impl$2
 com.jdots.music.db.LyricsDao_Impl$3
com/jdots/music/views/StatusBarView.java
 com.jdots.music.views.StatusBarView
com/jdots/music/service/MultiPlayer.java
 com.jdots.music.service.MultiPlayer
com/jdots/music/util/NavigationUtil.java
 com.jdots.music.util.NavigationUtil
com/jdots/music/views/NetworkImageView.java
 com.jdots.music.views.NetworkImageView
com/jdots/music/misc/GenericFileProvider.java
 com.jdots.music.misc.GenericFileProvider
com/jdots/music/activities/saf/SAFGuideActivity.java
 com.jdots.music.activities.saf.SAFGuideActivity
com/jdots/music/glide/palette/BitmapPaletteWrapper.java
 com.jdots.music.glide.palette.BitmapPaletteWrapper
com/jdots/music/glide/audiocover/AudioFileCover.java
 com.jdots.music.glide.audiocover.AudioFileCover
com/jdots/music/util/FileUtil.java
 com.jdots.music.util.FileUtil
com/jdots/music/glide/audiocover/AudioFileCoverFetcher.java
 com.jdots.music.glide.audiocover.AudioFileCoverFetcher
com/jdots/music/views/BreadCrumbLayout.java
 com.jdots.music.views.BreadCrumbLayout
 com.jdots.music.views.BreadCrumbLayout$Crumb
 com.jdots.music.views.BreadCrumbLayout$Crumb$1
 com.jdots.music.views.BreadCrumbLayout$SavedStateWrapper
 com.jdots.music.views.BreadCrumbLayout$SavedStateWrapper$1
 com.jdots.music.views.BreadCrumbLayout$SelectionCallback
com/jdots/music/activities/tageditor/WriteTagsAsyncTask.java
 com.jdots.music.activities.tageditor.WriteTagsAsyncTask
com/jdots/music/network/model/LastFmArtist.java
 com.jdots.music.network.model.LastFmArtist
 com.jdots.music.network.model.LastFmArtist$Artist
 com.jdots.music.network.model.LastFmArtist$Artist$Bio
 com.jdots.music.network.model.LastFmArtist$Artist$Image
 com.jdots.music.network.model.LastFmArtist$Artist$Stats
com/jdots/music/util/CalendarUtil.java
 com.jdots.music.util.CalendarUtil
com/jdots/music/views/HeightFitSquareLayout.java
 com.jdots.music.views.HeightFitSquareLayout
com/jdots/music/views/StatusBarMarginFrameLayout.java
 com.jdots.music.views.StatusBarMarginFrameLayout
com/jdots/music/db/HistoryDao_Impl.java
 com.jdots.music.db.HistoryDao_Impl
 com.jdots.music.db.HistoryDao_Impl$1
 com.jdots.music.db.HistoryDao_Impl$2
 com.jdots.music.db.HistoryDao_Impl$3
 com.jdots.music.db.HistoryDao_Impl$4
 com.jdots.music.db.HistoryDao_Impl$5
 com.jdots.music.db.HistoryDao_Impl$6
com/jdots/music/network/model/LastFmTrack.java
 com.jdots.music.network.model.LastFmTrack
 com.jdots.music.network.model.LastFmTrack$Track
 com.jdots.music.network.model.LastFmTrack$Track$Album
 com.jdots.music.network.model.LastFmTrack$Track$Album$Attr
 com.jdots.music.network.model.LastFmTrack$Track$Album$Image
 com.jdots.music.network.model.LastFmTrack$Track$Artist
 com.jdots.music.network.model.LastFmTrack$Track$Toptags
 com.jdots.music.network.model.LastFmTrack$Track$Toptags$Tag
 com.jdots.music.network.model.LastFmTrack$Track$Wiki
com/jdots/music/views/ScrollingViewOnApplyWindowInsetsListener.java
 com.jdots.music.views.ScrollingViewOnApplyWindowInsetsListener
com/jdots/music/util/SwipeAndDragHelper.java
 com.jdots.music.util.SwipeAndDragHelper
 com.jdots.music.util.SwipeAndDragHelper$ActionCompletionContract
com/jdots/music/glide/palette/BitmapPaletteResource.java
 com.jdots.music.glide.palette.BitmapPaletteResource
com/jdots/music/glide/palette/BitmapPaletteTarget.java
 com.jdots.music.glide.palette.BitmapPaletteTarget
com/jdots/music/db/BlackListStoreDao_Impl.java
 com.jdots.music.db.BlackListStoreDao_Impl
 com.jdots.music.db.BlackListStoreDao_Impl$1
 com.jdots.music.db.BlackListStoreDao_Impl$2
 com.jdots.music.db.BlackListStoreDao_Impl$3
 com.jdots.music.db.BlackListStoreDao_Impl$4
 com.jdots.music.db.BlackListStoreDao_Impl$5
 com.jdots.music.db.BlackListStoreDao_Impl$6
com/jdots/music/repository/SortedCursor.java
 com.jdots.music.repository.SortedCursor
com/jdots/music/views/BaselineGridTextView.java
 com.jdots.music.views.BaselineGridTextView
com/jdots/music/providers/HistoryStore.java
 com.jdots.music.providers.HistoryStore
 com.jdots.music.providers.HistoryStore$RecentStoreColumns
com/jdots/music/misc/CustomFragmentStatePagerAdapter.java
 com.jdots.music.misc.CustomFragmentStatePagerAdapter
com/jdots/music/lyrics/Lrc.java
 com.jdots.music.lyrics.Lrc
com/jdots/music/util/BitmapEditor.java
 com.jdots.music.util.BitmapEditor
com/jdots/music/glide/audiocover/AudioFileCoverUtils.java
 com.jdots.music.glide.audiocover.AudioFileCoverUtils
com/jdots/music/db/PlaylistDao_Impl.java
 com.jdots.music.db.PlaylistDao_Impl
 com.jdots.music.db.PlaylistDao_Impl$1
 com.jdots.music.db.PlaylistDao_Impl$10
 com.jdots.music.db.PlaylistDao_Impl$11
 com.jdots.music.db.PlaylistDao_Impl$12
 com.jdots.music.db.PlaylistDao_Impl$13
 com.jdots.music.db.PlaylistDao_Impl$14
 com.jdots.music.db.PlaylistDao_Impl$15
 com.jdots.music.db.PlaylistDao_Impl$16
 com.jdots.music.db.PlaylistDao_Impl$17
 com.jdots.music.db.PlaylistDao_Impl$18
 com.jdots.music.db.PlaylistDao_Impl$19
 com.jdots.music.db.PlaylistDao_Impl$2
 com.jdots.music.db.PlaylistDao_Impl$20
 com.jdots.music.db.PlaylistDao_Impl$3
 com.jdots.music.db.PlaylistDao_Impl$4
 com.jdots.music.db.PlaylistDao_Impl$5
 com.jdots.music.db.PlaylistDao_Impl$6
 com.jdots.music.db.PlaylistDao_Impl$7
 com.jdots.music.db.PlaylistDao_Impl$8
 com.jdots.music.db.PlaylistDao_Impl$9
com/jdots/music/util/RetroUtil.java
 com.jdots.music.util.RetroUtil
com/jdots/music/views/LollipopFixedWebView.java
 com.jdots.music.views.LollipopFixedWebView
com/jdots/music/providers/BlacklistStore.java
 com.jdots.music.providers.BlacklistStore
 com.jdots.music.providers.BlacklistStore$BlacklistStoreColumns
com/jdots/music/db/RetroDatabase_Impl.java
 com.jdots.music.db.RetroDatabase_Impl
 com.jdots.music.db.RetroDatabase_Impl$1
com/jdots/music/activities/bugreport/model/github/GithubTarget.java
 com.jdots.music.activities.bugreport.model.github.GithubTarget
com/jdots/music/LanguageContextWrapper.java
 com.jdots.music.LanguageContextWrapper
com/jdots/music/network/model/LastFmAlbum.java
 com.jdots.music.network.model.LastFmAlbum
 com.jdots.music.network.model.LastFmAlbum$Album
 com.jdots.music.network.model.LastFmAlbum$Album$Image
 com.jdots.music.network.model.LastFmAlbum$Album$Tag
 com.jdots.music.network.model.LastFmAlbum$Album$Tags
 com.jdots.music.network.model.LastFmAlbum$Album$Wiki
com/jdots/music/helper/M3UConstants.java
 com.jdots.music.helper.M3UConstants
com/jdots/music/misc/UpdateToastMediaScannerCompletionListener.java
 com.jdots.music.misc.UpdateToastMediaScannerCompletionListener
com/jdots/music/volume/AudioVolumeContentObserver.java
 com.jdots.music.volume.AudioVolumeContentObserver
com/jdots/music/views/ContributorsView.java
 com.jdots.music.views.ContributorsView
com/jdots/music/glide/palette/BitmapPaletteTranscoder.java
 com.jdots.music.glide.palette.BitmapPaletteTranscoder
com/jdots/music/model/lyrics/SynchronizedLyricsLRC.java
 com.jdots.music.model.lyrics.SynchronizedLyricsLRC
com/jdots/music/views/SeekArc.java
 com.jdots.music.views.SeekArc
 com.jdots.music.views.SeekArc$OnSeekArcChangeListener
